marketing is about to change in 2022.
are you ready hi everyone i'm neil patel
and today i'm going to break down what's
going to change your marketing in 2022
the good the bad and the ugly
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel that way when
i release more content like this you'll
get notified so let's first go over the
good
direct to consumer d2c ecommerce
segments will continually see a boost in
sales and traffic from digital marketing
data from emarketer u.s direct to
consumer e-commerce sales including both
digital and native and established
brands generate
111.54 billion dollars making up 14 of
total retail e-commerce sales
lots of people who weren't used to
purchasing online started doing so after
the pandemic
so if you're not online you got to do so
you gotta push it and when we're looking
at commerce we're also noticing big
booms and people hiring law firms going
finding their local dentistry they're
doing all their research online for even
the offline businesses and we're seeing
that as a big trend the next good trend
that we're seeing in 2022
we've seen a boom and voice search when
we look at our clients at our ad agency
np digital we've seen a six percent
already increase in voice search during
pandemic months and that trend has
continued and when people are doing
voice searches we're also noticing the
bigger thing is voice search for
commerce and that's where we get the six
percent so make sure that your clients
are pushing and trying to leverage voice
search commerce or you yourself if you
are a store owner selling things on
voice search make sure you're leveraging
it you can also get your podcasts your
materials your content on voice search
that's another good trend that you
should start leveraging and it's extra
traffic that you didn't have
another big trend that we're seeing is
live videos are booming people are
getting tired of the content that
they're seeing on netflix disney plus a
lot of these places aren't keeping up
with the demand so they're looking for
live content we're seeing live content
doing around 13
better
uh you know after the pandemic started
versus before so make sure that you're
leveraging live content and do it across
all brands and you can leverage uh
platforms like restream to go after all
the brands like youtube facebook twitter
uh linkedin
instagram so that way when you broadcast
through all of them you'll do better and
get a bigger audience
let's go over the bad
you can expect competition to increase
in more niches companies were forced to
go online after the lockdown
and that just means it's going to take
more time to get results it's gonna be
harder to get results and you just gotta
put in more effort and play the long
game
the ugly
the end of cookies in browsers like
chrome personalization for small
businesses that don't buy lots of data
is going to be harder
here's what you should do right
you shouldn't worry about hey on the
iphone facebook's screwed they can't
target as good so i can't spend as much
money don't worry about the things that
you can't control let the platforms like
facebook and apple and google figure out
those problems that's not anything that
you or i can solve but what you should
be doing is one going omni channel
leverage all the channels out there it
used to be where you can build the
business off of one channel facebook
grew through the invite flow through
email hey
you know john invited you to join
facebook click here to join
that doesn't work anymore that one
channel isn't ineffective it just isn't
as effective as it used to be so you
have no choice but to leverage all the
channels the second thing you need to do
because marketing is more competitive
and expensive is leverage conversion
rate optimization this allows you to
spend more money on paid ads and scale
up faster
and the third thing that you need to do
is increase the average order value per
customer it doesn't matter if you're
services or you're selling commerce so
you can do upsells and downsells if
you're selling physical goods like
skincare by elena when she sells
anti-wrinkle cream she may upsell you on
a vitamin c serum that also helps reduce
your wrinkles faster and if you're a
service space just when you close the
business
add other products and services as quick
as possible so that way people are more
integrating your business which allows
you to increase your lifetime value of a
user and spend more time and energy on
digital marketing that's what you should
do
to prepare yourself for 2022 and beyond
if you have any questions leave a
comment below and i'll answer it if you
need help just check out my ad agency np
digital where we're here to help if you
like the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching